get-started: add DM encrypt password and update download url (#1674)
pingcap/docs: v2.1/how-to/get-started/data-migration.md

We're going to deploy 3 instances of MySQL Server, and 1 instance each of pd-server, tikv-server, and tidb-server. Then we'll start a single DM-master and 3 instances of DM-worker.

> First, install MySQL 5.7 and download/extract the TiDB v3.0 and DM v1.0.2 packages we'll use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, install MySQL 5.7 and download/extract the TiDB v2.1 and DM v1.0.2 packages we'll use:
```

```bash
sudo yum install -y http://repo.mysql.com/yum/mysql-5.7-community/el/7/x86_64/mysql57-community-release-el7-10.noarch.rpm
sudo yum install -y mysql-community-server

> curl http://download.pingcap.org/tidb-v3.0-linux-amd64.tar.gz | tar xzf -

Reviewer 2: v2.1 is better

> curl http://download.pingcap.org/tidb-v3.0-linux-amd64.tar.gz | tar xzf -

Reviewer: @yikeke Please address this comment. Thanks!
